hey y'all people been asking you about
what this crazy rig is that I'm bringing
out when I play with my band lately I've
been using 50 watt plexi Hoffman and
also I've been using my tube spring
reverb Hoffman as well into the 50 watt
into a 4:12 evidence cab and I've been
short me I've been reducing the amount
of effects I use I'm gonna do a lot of
looping when I played with the band so I
use basically a Chandler tube driver
then I use one of these two fuzz faces
either use the 69 all the original fuzz
or the Eric Johnson fuzz face and then
into an analog delay so here is just
just the the Hoffman tube spring reverb
in the 50 watt
and the two driver at the same time I
don't know if he's